hello, I 'm simon dine muscle maker
This video is about five times
five training system a training system
measure is particularly well suited to this
to build up power and over the
building strength also build muscle
Of course you know the progressive
Muscle structure so more weight the same
more muscle mass that has the one or
others certainly already good
Of course you can also find out right now
good to get out of stagnation
as well a plateau phase where nothing more
you just have to overcome that
something that does not enforce something
wants to work by itself five times
Five training systems basically mean
taken five sets of a5 repetitions too
schnapps weight what you exactly five
can move times or
where you short after five repetitions
muscle failure you are training
of course with relatively high weights like that
which is not quite natural here
at the diagonal railway bridges something right here
Of course, not quite because biceps
cologne there must be other calibres
Well, that depends on the year of weight
how strong you are you can sometimes
Bench presses make five times five sets
I 'm just doing weight here
once 5 x 5 that means you lie down
concentrate on it five
repetitions to make the weight
Of course, it must be adjusted accordingly
I did not do that extra now
but I just hit five
repetitions out with it
and show you the whole thing was
was, of course, as expected
a little too light that is after five
You really have to repeat it
just at the limit of muscle failure
stand so short of muscle failure
you have to be
that the training time is just that
right one
has five sets of five repetitions
simply the advantage that you are
of course, since a force build-up area
or
sup maximalkraft has just topped the
advantage that you always have one
can increase a little bit year if you like that
trained over four to six weeks
you can just weight a lot
move
Of course, five sentences also always mean
again that you are with the same
So loads really, too
same weight five sets always make
brings you back to the threshold where you are
just with the first sentence already shortly before
muscle failure is, of course, whole
good because you're in the area of like
a lot of weight and few repetitions
attracted maximalkraft trains but that
whole over five sentences
keep fetching that means also just now
the muscle on the gate is in one
special way because
you usually make three sets
Of course you have the last sentence
already the feeling that everyone knows that
you just do not quite as strong from
like the first sentence ever
five times five system had on one
fifth sentence at the last sentence the
Same performance as the first
course training partner is natural
just important for exercises the bank
just press them as a certain
injury prevention
also bring great risks
just the bench press because it can
naturally like to behave yourself
to suffer serious injuries
who has no partner should that
rather here in the area of
try dumbbells because you have just
not the possibility to yourself
fight
or if you then because of the
point is probably no longer possible
because you just let off and has
not injured just like that
a bit of exercise comes with that
short had actually handled quite well
and also know to what point you
everything can go 5x5
training system very good
build up strength through the build-up of strength
building muscle mass works
fun is really good
especially in the mass phase of success
promising thing just times
try if you my video
of course, I'm happy about it
Every review will be in the next one
Video
many greetings your simon